Sister!
Three. two. one.
So narrow.
I see.
First. put the target in the coffin.
Second. bury it under the gravestone.
Third. start the count of three seconds.
These are guaranteed to hit
in this domain.
Considering that it's
a disease cursed spirit.
if I can't get out of the coffin
within three seconds.
I will be infected by the disease and die.
The problem is that gravestone.
If I get hit two more times.
I won't be able to maintain my agility.
I wouldn't want to fight Geto
in that state.
Ui Ui. are you okay?
Yes. Sister.
It's reflexively targeting
the person with the strongest
cursed energy in the domain.
Two crows got caught inside the domain.
Just as I thought.
To put that into a corner.
I have to make Ui Ui the target.
and buy time for me to move freely.
But Ui Ui would die
with a single hit by the gravestone.
Ui Ui.
would you die for me?
Do I have the honor to die for you?
When I released my cursed energy.
Sister suppressed hers.
I understand everything now. Sister.
You think I had that kid here
just to help me carry things?
When my sister asked me to risk my life.
that means I can use my cursed technique.
NEW SHADOW STYLE. SIMPLE DOMAIN
Ui Ui is responsible
for dealing with domains.
I don't like to owe others favors.
So I leave this part to that kid.
What do you think is the fastest way
to improve sorcerers' abilities?
That would be a Binding Vow.
for which you'd risk your life.
Am I right. Sister?
That's right.
Her cursed technique is
Black Bird Manipulation.
and its true value is Bird Strike.
It forces a crow to commit suicide.
and as the trade-off.
it lifts the cursed energy limit
of a typically weak animal.
and hit the enemy with it.
The only human who could block
Bird Strike was Satoru Gojo.
Okay. everyone. we're at the main base.
Are you willing to die for me?
You're quite skilled
for a sorcerer of this time.
Satoru Gojo was sealed?
This is simply incomprehensible.
I think so too. but...
Geto has his part in it.
even though he's a fake.
That might explain it.
I'd like to enjoy the downfall
of the Gojo Family though.
Leave if you don't want to work seriously.
Are you telling me to go back?
You're the one who should go back. Maki.
Isn't that right. Grade 1 sorcerer Nanami?
Maki.
You should do what Naobito said
just for this once.
I'm more useful than a drunkard.
22:20 SHIBUYA STATION
Have you been drinking?
No.
Should I have acted alone?
Mr. Nanami.
Right.
Leave it to me.
You two.
Aren't you too slow?
Did you see what happened?
No.
That was a cursed technique. wasn't it?
You little...
How many people did you eat?
Jogo.
Mahito.
Hanami.
Hana...
mi...
How dare...
How dare you kill Hanami!
You killed Hanami!
I see. No wonder it was so weak.
Until just now.
it was only a Cursed Womb.
Water!
So much water here.
Hey. cursed spirit.
do you know how many frames there are
in every second of an animation?
My name is not "cursed spirit." I'm Dagon.
Recently. there's been a trend
of increasing resolution and frame rate...
Hanami. Jogo. and Mahito.
Up-convert to make this 4K.
make that 60 fps for frame interpolation...
We all have...
It's fine if it's for personal enjoyment
and doesn't cause trouble for others.
But nowadays. TVs automatically enable
the motion interpolation feature.
People don't understand
it's too much of a good thing.
How sad.
With the soap opera effect...
We all have names!
Don't you find it tactless?
Oops.
Not a scratch.
Rather. from the feeling of hitting it.
his HP seems endless.
Two Grade 1 sorcerers are
not enough to exorcise it?
This is getting serious.
Damn it.
If it weren't for the old man's technique.
I would have been killed.
How humiliating.
A water barrier?
Can you use strong attacks simultaneously?
Too much cursed energy.
Seems it has many other cursed techniques.
What should we do now?
The answer is simple.
Before it can use your technique...
just crush it with speed!
No way.
You can even suspend in the air.
I would also choose to flee up high.
I can't activate the cursed technique.
This man...
This man did it.
So fast! He's probably
even faster than Jogo.
Naobito Zenin's technique.
Projection Sorcery.
It divides a second into 24 frames
and using his own field of view
as the angle of view.
he traces predetermined movements.
During the technique activation.
anyone touched by Naobito's palm
must also follow
the 1/24 fps rule to move.
If they fail. it will cause instability
and they will freeze for one second.
There is a risk.
He cannot adjust
the ongoing actions once started
If the actions he set
violate the laws of physics or trajectory.
he will freeze too.
Even so. with his innate sense
of storyboarding and timing.
he became known as the fastest sorcerer
excluding Satoru Gojo.
Don't even try.
Domain Expansion.
Horizon of the Captivating Skandha.
Shikigami!
It's the guaranteed hit in this domain!
I didn't even notice until I was hit.
No. that thing didn't exist
before hitting me?
Secret Art: Falling Blossom Emotion.
The technique passed down
in the Big Three Sorcerer Families.
Different from Simple Domain.
it does not expand its own domain.
When a guaranteed hit is activated
and comes into contact.
it counter-attacks releasing cursed energy
to protect the user.
That man really is different.
I've had a rough grasp.
I'll use 70% of my power for
the bearded man and 30% for the suit guy.
Technique Release: Death Swarm!
Maki.
The Shikigami are not
charging straight at us.
At the next moment.
they will bite through our bodies.
We can't think before we act.
As soon as you feel a touch.
please knock them all down.
You have almost no cursed energy.
so you can only do it this way...
Mr. Nanami!
The Shikigami's attack
has not weakened at all.
The technique granted
to this domain could be...
Falling...
The sea is the source of all life.
Too weak. you're the weakest.
Death Swarm is
an endless stream of Shikigami.
Since I'm so weak.
why didn't you kill me in one strike?
Stinky octopus!
Then just like the other two...
Damn it.
You'll be devoured too.
Maki!
Megumi!
You really are...
an incredibly arrogant junior.
It's that thing.
That octopus is the owner of this domain.
You invaded my domain voluntarily.
How foolish.
What?
The guaranteed hit
in this domain is gone.
That boy expanded a domain.
Now we're in a domain tug of war.
If I want to regain the guaranteed hit.
I have to destroy his domain first.
That's easy.
What about the other two?
Ino was taken down by the enemy.
Itadori and I split up.
I'll protect you.
Please focus on the domain.
That man actually withstood
one minute of Death Swarm?!
The bearded man too!
Though it's just a right arm.
it had a history of 71 years.
It'll cost you a lot.
If we can maintain it.
we have a chance to win.
If we can maintain it. that is.
Mr. Nanami.
That octopus thinks
I am fighting against his domain.
But I have a different purpose.
I want to make a hole in the domain
in this barrier.
The hole I came through has been closed.
It's harder to make it from the inside.
but I can open a big enough hole
for a few seconds.
After all. he's not Mr. Gojo.
Probably he can't use domain expansion
multiple times in a day.
If we all escape this domain. we can win.
The edge of the barrier is under my feet.
I touched it when I came in. so I know.
I can start at any time.
You three just need to rush in together.
We can't leave you behind.
I will stake my life...
but I don't intend to sacrifice it.
You two...
Gather!
They want to protect that boy together?
It's easier for me to take them all at...
No!
He noticed?! But it's too late.
To Fushiguro's feet!
Family structure affects your personality.
don't you think?
Sister. you might reinforce the stereotype
that only children are selfish.
That's not too good.
You deny my sister?
What?
Next episode. Sway. Part 2.
I wonder how many siblings
Satoru Gojo has.
-He's definitely an only child.